Balanced Random Forest (#13227)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/ensemble.rst

.. note::

    The size of the model with the default parameters is :math:`O( M * N * log
    (N) )`, where :math:`M` is the number of trees and :math:`N` is the number
    of samples. In order to reduce the size of the model, you can change these
    parameters: ``min_samples_split``, ``max_leaf_nodes``, ``max_depth`` and
    ``min_samples_leaf``.

Learning from imbalanced classes dataset
........................................

In some datasets, the number of samples per classes might vary tremendously
(e.g 100 samples for a "majority" class for a single sample in a "minority"
class). Learning from these imbalanced dataset is challenging. The tree
criteria (i.e. gini or entropy) are sensitive to class imbalanced and will
naturally favor the classes with the most samples given during ``fit``.

The :class:`RandomForestClassifier` and :class:`ExtraTreesClassifier` provides
a parameter `class_weight` with the option `"balanced_bootstrap"` to alleviate

> the bias induce by the class imbalanced. This strategy will provide a balanced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the bias induced by the class imbalance. This strategy will provide a balanced
```

> bootstrap sample (i.e. equal number of samples from each class) to each tree

Reviewer: This is using the term sample for 2 different thing

Reviewer 2: True. Any suggestion? Shall I use "number of instances" instead?

Reviewer: use "bootstrap subsample" and "training instance"?

> of the ensemble during the ``fit`` process as proposed in [CLB2004]_.

Reviewer: What is described here seems to simply be stratification, is that correct? Or is the difference that we sample with replacement?

Reviewer 2: we do with replacement in addition

Reviewer 2: OK I should rephrase, the exact definition is:

```
Draw a bootstrap sample from the minority class. Randomly drawthe same number of cases, with replacement, from the majority class.
```
